README.md, before:

# RE-MAT Data Downloader

[![Actions Status][actions-badge]][actions-link]
[![Documentation Status][rtd-badge]][rtd-link]

[![PyPI version][pypi-version]][pypi-link]
[![Conda-Forge][conda-badge]][conda-link]
[![PyPI platforms][pypi-platforms]][pypi-link]

[![GitHub Discussion][github-discussions-badge]][github-discussions-link]

This package provides a simple interface to download datasets used in the ReMat
project.

## Installation

This is a python package and can be installed using pip:

```bash
pip install remat-data-downloader
```

## Authentication

You need to obtain a Clowder API key to use this package. You can obtain this
key by logging into the
[RE-MAT Clowder instance](https://re-mat.clowder.ncsa.illinois.edu/) and going
to your user settings page (grey silhouette in the upper right corner of the
page). Click on the _API Keys_ tab and create a new key. Save this key in a file
nameed `clowder_key.txt` in the directory where you will be running the
`remat-download-data` command.

## Usage

The remat-download-data command can be run from your command line. It has
commands to interact with Clowder spaces and with datasets.

### List Spaces

```bash
remat-download-data spaces list

                      Clowder Spaces
┏━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━━━┓
┃ Name              ┃ ID                       ┃ datasets ┃
┡━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━━┩
│ Front velocities  │ 6674972be4b0a2d1b9ba0228 │ 303      │
│ DSC Post Cures    │ 6669d4d0e4b0a2d1b9b9a797 │ 228      │
│ DSC Cure Kinetics │ 64343b6be4b01a23c58bad90 │ 307      │
└───────────────────┴──────────────────────────┴──────────┘

```

### Download Datasets

Now that you know the unique ID for the space you want to download, you can
download the datasets using the `download` command. This command will create
subdirectories for each dataset and download the metadata as a json file and the
DSC Curve as a csv file.

You can re-run this command, and it will skip downloads of datasets that already
exist in the directory.

```bash
remat-download-data spaces download 6669d4d0e4b0a2d1b9b9a797
```

<!-- SPHINX-START -->

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
[actions-badge]:            https://github.com/re-mat/remat-data-downloader/workflows/CI/badge.svg
[actions-link]:             https://github.com/re-mat/remat-data-downloader/actions
[conda-badge]:              https://img.shields.io/conda/vn/conda-forge/remat-data-downloader
[conda-link]:               https://github.com/conda-forge/remat-data-downloader-feedstock
[github-discussions-badge]: https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Discussions&message=Ask&color=blue&logo=github
[github-discussions-link]:  https://github.com/re-mat/remat-data-downloader/discussions
[pypi-link]:                https://pypi.org/project/remat-data-downloader/
[pypi-platforms]:           https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/remat-data-downloader
[pypi-version]:             https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/remat-data-downloader
[rtd-badge]:                https://readthedocs.org/projects/remat-data-downloader/badge/?version=latest
[rtd-link]:                 https://remat-data-downloader.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest

<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

Commit message:

Extend tool to allow for command line data uploads (#6)
* Space Name and ID Mapping
* Upload File to dataset via SDK
* App configs
* rename to remat_data

README.md, after:

# RE-MAT Data

[![Actions Status][actions-badge]][actions-link]
[![Documentation Status][rtd-badge]][rtd-link]

[![PyPI version][pypi-version]][pypi-link]
[![Conda-Forge][conda-badge]][conda-link]
[![PyPI platforms][pypi-platforms]][pypi-link]

[![GitHub Discussion][github-discussions-badge]][github-discussions-link]

This package provides a simple interface to download and upload datasets used in
the ReMat project.

## Installation

This is a python package and can be installed using pip:

```bash
pip install remat-data-downloader
```

## Authentication

You need to obtain a Clowder API key to use this package. You can obtain this
key by logging into the
[RE-MAT Clowder instance](https://re-mat.clowder.ncsa.illinois.edu/) and going
to your user settings page (grey silhouette in the upper right corner of the
page). Click on the _API Keys_ tab and create a new key. Save this key in a file
nameed `clowder_key.txt` in the directory where you will be running the
`remat-download-data` command.

## Usage

The remat-data command can be run from your command line. It has commands to
interact with Clowder spaces and with datasets.

### List Spaces

```bash
remat-data spaces list

                      Clowder Spaces
┏━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━━━┓
┃ Name              ┃ ID                       ┃ datasets ┃
┡━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━╇━━━━━━━━━━┩
│ Front velocities  │ 6674972be4b0a2d1b9ba0228 │ 303      │
│ DSC Post Cures    │ 6669d4d0e4b0a2d1b9b9a797 │ 228      │
│ DSC Cure Kinetics │ 64343b6be4b01a23c58bad90 │ 307      │
└───────────────────┴──────────────────────────┴──────────┘

```

### Download Datasets

Now that you know the unique ID for the space you want to download, you can
download the datasets using the `download` command. This command will create
subdirectories for each dataset and download the metadata as a json file and the
DSC Curve as a csv file.

You can re-run this command, and it will skip downloads of datasets that already
exist in the directory.

```bash
remat-data spaces download 6669d4d0e4b0a2d1b9b9a797
```

### Upload Files to Space

Using the `upload` command, you can upload files to a space. The command takes
the space name as a flag, optional --name flag for the dataset name and a list
of file name to upload. If dataset name is not mentioned, A default dataset is
created and the files are uploaded under the newly created dataset

Valid values of spaces are: --Cure, --PostCure, --FrontVelocity │

```bash

 remat-data spaces upload --Cure --name TEST-dataset-2 test3.csv DSC_Curve.csv
```

### Configuration

Application configuration and space name to UUID mapping is stored in config.py
Add new spaces to this config.py file

<!-- SPHINX-START -->

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
[actions-badge]:            https://github.com/re-mat/remat-data-downloader/workflows/CI/badge.svg
[actions-link]:             https://github.com/re-mat/remat-data-downloader/actions
[conda-badge]:              https://img.shields.io/conda/vn/conda-forge/remat-data-downloader
[conda-link]:               https://github.com/conda-forge/remat-data-downloader-feedstock
[github-discussions-badge]: https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Discussions&message=Ask&color=blue&logo=github
[github-discussions-link]:  https://github.com/re-mat/remat-data-downloader/discussions
[pypi-link]:                https://pypi.org/project/remat-data-downloader/
[pypi-platforms]:           https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/remat-data-downloader
[pypi-version]:             https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/remat-data-downloader
[rtd-badge]:                https://readthedocs.org/projects/remat-data-downloader/badge/?version=latest
[rtd-link]:                 https://remat-data-downloader.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest

<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->
